Hello and thanks for visiting I'm Mercy Salinas with Discount Low Voltage
.com and today we are going over the Everfocus  EMV400
This is the Mobile DVR. Install in a car and keep an eye
on employees, powers 4 cameras and records audio. Now let's
crack open the box. This DVR once installed in a vehicle offers
molex connectors for shock and vibration resistance. The power
supply included offers voltage regulation and programmable delay power on and off for
the DVR and the cameras. 1 hot swap hard drive
and a embedded 3 axis G sensor, GPS receiver interface, WIFI is also available
but only for the EMV400M. Individual camera power
outputs and remote control capabilities. It also has a built in web server
that enables users to monitor live and play back DVR
images through a web browser from any supported PC without any special
software. It does require connectivity through cell or a LAN
network. Some of the features of this DVR are the 4 channels for
video and audio recoding, 1 DRN Car Audio size, H.264 compression
I could go on and on about this thing there are lots of features so
check out the spec sheet. Order this and cameras, fiber and
networking cable that sort of stuff online. Questions call us
at 888-797-3697 and don't forget to subscribe.